[Music]
It was a typical Saturday morning filled
with the usual errands and a long list
of things to do. But the yard sale
Today's sign caught my eye and drove
past and before I knew it, I found
myself pulling over. It was set up in
the front yard of a small weathered
house. Nothing really special, just the
typical kind of yard sale that you see
around here. But as I walked up, I
noticed an old unlabeled cardboard box
sitting on the ground near the back of
the table. It was dusty and looked like
it hadn't been moved in years. and I
crouched down and picked it up, feeling
the weight of it in my hands. It wasn't
very heavy, but it was strangely solid,
like there was a lot of stuff inside it.
The lid was taped down, and the edges
were frayed. I asked what was inside,
and the middle-aged man running the sail
told me, "Just a box of old stuff. Feel
free to take a look." I lifted the lid,
carefully, peeling away the tape, and
then peered inside. The contents were a
strange mix of items. There were a few
old hair bands, a couple of rusted keys,
a small hairbrush, and some photographs,
but the one thing that stood out were
all the newspaper clippings. They were
all yellowed with age and crinkled along
the edges. And I picked one up and read
the headline, and when I did, I sort of
felt a chill run down my spine.
Missing person, Jane Doe, it said. There
were several clippings all about the
same person, a woman whose body had been
found decades ago in a nearby town. I
flipped through the articles reading the
details. Her body had been found in the
early '9s, and partly because she was
never identified, her murder went
unsolved.
The articles described Jane Doe as a
young brunette, last seen visiting a
local diner. But as I sifted through the
clippings, I discovered more disturbing
details. There were photographs tucked
in among them. Grainy black and white
images of a woman who matched Jane Doe's
walking alone in a parking lot, entering
a store or sitting on a bench. There
were also personal items in the box. The
hairbrush that I mentioned, a few pieces
of jewelry, and some clothing. They were
old, worn, and had a very musty smell.
The seller was still standing behind the
table, not really looking at me, and
wasn't really saying a word. I glanced
up at him, wondering if he knew anything
about this Jane Doe. But he just stood
there, silent and very indifferent. It
was as if though he was waiting for me
to leave so he could go back inside the
house. I asked if he knew who the woman
was, and he looked at it and just sort
of shrugged.
He said he found the box in his attic,
had never opened it, and had no idea
what was inside. But his answer didn't
really sit right with me.
How could he not care about what was
inside that box? It wasn't just old
stuff. It was part of someone's life and
it was somehow connected to some
terrible unsolved murder.
I wanted to press him for more
information, but there was something
about him that told me he wasn't
interested in talking. And so, I began
reading the newspaper clipping more
carefully.
There were mentions of a man, Jane's
boyfriend at the time, that she went
missing. He was a local guy, well known
in town, but no one had seen him since
the day that he disappeared.
His name was mentioned in the articles,
but there were no photos of him. As I
pieced together the story, I began to
wonder if the seller knew more than he
was letting on. Maybe he was connected
to the case somehow. Maybe he was hiding
something. Could he have been involved
in this Jane's disappearance? Or was he
telling the truth about just finding it
in his home? I couldn't shake the
feeling that there was more to the story
than I was seeing. I had to know more,
but I didn't know where to start. The
newspaper clippings were a dead end.
They were decades old, and the people
mentioned in them were long gone. So, I
decided to take the box with me. I paid
that seller a few dollars for it and
walked back to my car and then drove
back home. When I got home, I laid all
the clippings on my kitchen table in
this sort of jumbled mess of
information. And I tried to make sense
of it all, but it was sort of like
piecing together a puzzle with missing
pieces. And the whole situation was very
unsettling. And every clipping seemed to
only raise more questions than they had
answered.
When my husband eventually arrived home,
I showed him what I brought home from
the yard sale. And at first, he looked
at me like I was nuts. But after he read
through some of the clippings and took a
look at the other more personal items,
he started to see what I did. Anyone
with photographs of Jane Doe would have
surely known her identity. In which
case, why didn't they come forward when
they learned of her murder? I remember
my husband said how, logically speaking,
the photos in the clippings might not be
connected. Someone might have just put a
bunch of stuff in a box and without once
stopping to consider how it might be
interpreted when opened by complete
strangers. And why the hell would they?
But I doubted that very, very much. That
seemed like way too much of a
coincidence. If there was a bunch of old
lottery tickets and a sewing kit in
there, then yeah, maybe I was just a
junk box. But everything was too
personal, too deliberate. It almost felt
like a trophy.
My husband didn't want to believe it at
first, saying I was just overreacting
after getting in my own head about it,
but I told him I was convinced that
wasn't just some random brunette lady.
It was the murdered woman. It was Jane
Doe. He didn't tell me when it clicked
for him, but when I reached for the box,
he almost snapped at me when he said,
"Don't touch it." And that's when I knew
that he believed it, too. He didn't want
me to touch anymore because he realized
that it might actually be forensic
evidence. Something which, in my
excitement, I hadn't considered at all
up until that point. We got in touch
with the police the next morning. They
came and took the box and then, as far
as I know, they went to talk to the guy
that had hosted the yard sale about how
exactly he'd come to own it.
I called one of the officers that we
spoke to a while later and he said that
the box and everything in it had been
entered into Jane Doe's evidence file.
And while I hadn't exactly blown open
the case, it was certainly a development
in what had been a decade's old unsolved
murder, that was just about the only
halfdecent thing about this whole story.
That somehow, and even if it was only a
little, I actually helped
[Music]
One morning a few months ago during the
summer, I decided to check out the yard
sale down the street. Yard sales have
always really interested me cuz you
never know what kinds of treasures you
might stumble across. And that morning,
there was a nice crowd already picking
through the tables as I walked up. Then
I spotted an old lawn chair that looked
just like the one my grandma used to
have. So I made my way over to take a
closer look. As I was giving the chair
that closer look, I heard raised voices
not too far away. It was coming from a
lady who was standing by a table full of
dishes and kitchen gadgets. She wasn't
yelling or anything, but you could tell
that there was some kind of disagreement
happening.
The lady was arguing with an older man
who looked to be in his late 60s over a
set of china plates that were all nicely
arranged in a cardboard box, probably
hoping to sell as a set. The woman was
pointing at the plates and saying
something I couldn't quite make out.
Neither of them were hosting the sale
either. Both were people from the
neighborhood who'd come looking for a
deal. I didn't think much of it at first
because, as surprising as it sounds,
some people can get pretty heated at
yard sales. It's like they forget that
they're just trying to get rid of junk
that they don't need anymore. And some
people take it very personally if you
imply that something isn't as valuable
as they think it is. And then
occasionally you get two potential
buyers arguing over an item they both
want, which appeared to be what was
happening here. At first it was just the
lady getting very confrontational, but
then the older man started raising his
voice too and the whole scene got more
intense. He was pointing back at her and
they were exchanging words I couldn't
really understand cuz they were both
talking over each other about a mile a
minute. I was still looking at that
chair at first. Not looking but
listening in. But then by the time they
started actually yelling at each other,
my curiosity got the better of me and I
couldn't help but glance over at the
argument. Other people were turning to
look too. One guy even set down the book
that he was flipping through to see what
was going on. Then the next thing, the
host of the yard sale is walking over
saying something like, "Hey, hey, hey,
hey, take it easy."
But then, before the guy can even get
over there, the lady grabs one of the
plates and raises it up above her head.
I thought for sure that she was about to
smash that plate or something, like a
sort of if I can't have it, no one can
kind of deal. But the second she did,
the older man lunges toward her, and
because he's a little taller than her,
grabs the plate with ease, but then
starts trying to wrestle it out of her
grip.
The lady has one hand on the plate,
another on her purse, but then the older
guy puts two hands on the plate and then
sort of turns his body as he's pulling
it out of her hands. He succeeds in
pulling it out of her grip, but as he
does, he loses his balance and falls. He
hit the ground and we heard the plate
smash and then the guy let out this very
long and painful grunt. And just from
the way it sounded, I knew that it was
probably bad. And everyone seemed
stunned. They all heard the same thing I
did. And they must have known that
something was bad, too. But there was
just this moment where no one moved and
no one said anything. Almost like we
were hoping that things wouldn't be as
bad as they looked.
The woman froze, staring down at the man
who lay on his front, not moving. And
seconds later, we saw this blood start
to ooze from underneath him. And the
woman started screaming.
People rushed to the older guy's aid,
telling him not to move and yelling for
someone to call 911.
But the lady that had been in the
scuffle with him just stood there
completely in shock, saying, "Oh my god,
oh my god." over and over. The folks
that rushed over to help rolled the guy
over so they could try and stop the
bleeding. But that's when everyone saw
the big shard of porcelain sticking out
of the guy's stomach. The lady who had
been in the scuffle started to cry as we
did everything we could to stop the
bleeding. And the man just sort of laid
there breathing heavily, his eyes wide
open.
Thankfully, the paramedics arrived fast,
closely followed by the cops. And after
the ambulance took the older guy off,
the cops started taking statements from
us. I didn't have much to say. I was
just there to buy a lawn chair, not get
involved in a yard sale showdown that
ended up in someone dying. And the lady
involved in the scuffle just cried and
cried. And I don't think it was entirely
her fault that the guy had fallen. Like
it was all just a horrible accident, I
suppose. But at the time, she clearly
blamed herself for what had happened.
and some people in the crowd did too. I
think the cops then drove her home to
talk to her more at her house. And
later, as I walked back home, I couldn't
shake the image of that man lying on the
ground. It was the way that he was
staring up at the sky, very wideeyed and
scared, more scared than I'd ever seen
anyone in my whole life. And I can't
imagine what must have been going
through his head. And neither can I
imagine what was going through the
lady's head when she found out that the
guy had actually passed.
I found out from my neighbor the next
day and when I told him I was actually
there, he asked me what had happened.
And I told him that they were both being
just childish, fighting over a piece of
porcelain. And my neighbor then asked if
the lady pushed the guy and I said no,
that he fell because she was sort of
wrenching the plate away from the lady
so hard that he spun around when it left
her hands.
I said that it seemed like the lady
started it, but then again, I only heard
her voice first. You know, the older man
could have easily said something under
his breath and that's what started the
whole thing. The whole thing felt like
equal blame on each side, but in the
end, it was a life lost and a life
ruined. Really, neither of them deserve
that. I guess once they got the full
story, the older guy's family didn't
press any charges. But the lady still
left town not long after, I'm pretty
sure. Even though it was all but
publicly declared that she wasn't to
blame, people still said that she killed
that guy. It was like they wanted it to
be her fault just so they had someone to
blame. And they didn't exactly go
driving her out of town afterwards, but
I guess all their stares and hushed
words got too much for her and she
eventually moved on of her own accord.
To me, it's just crazy how something as
simple as an argument in a yard sale can
end up in such tragedy. One second it's
a nice day, people are out taking walks,
and then the next a dude's dead.
[Music]
A few years back, I decided to hold a
yard sale. My garage was overflowing
with junk, old furniture, boxes of
books, clothes that didn't fit anymore.
So, I just figured it was time to clear
out some space and maybe make a little
money while I was at it. And by 10:00
a.m. on Sunday morning, my driveway was
packed with tables covered in stuff that
I thought that I might sell. Neighbors
came and went, poking around asking
prices. Some haggled, some just handed
over crumpled bills, but for the most
part, they smiled politely and made a
little small talk and then moved on. And
by midm morning, strangers were starting
to notice the sale as they were walking
or driving by. And then the more people
gathered, the more people noticed the
sale. So, by maybe 11 to 11:30, I was
getting quite a lot of foot traffic and
making quite a few sales. And at one
point, I noticed a man lingering by a
table of tools, picking up a wrench and
then a hammer, and turning them over in
his hands like he was deciding one or
another. He was wearing a faded gray
t-shirt, jeans, and a Dodgers cap.
Nothing very unusual about him, but
something about the way his eyes darted
around that made me very uneasy.
On the assumption that he was looking
around for the person running the sale,
I walked over and introduced myself. The
guy then said he was interested in the
tools and then asked if I had anymore,
but his voice was sort of flat, like he
was reading from a script, but very
badly. I pointed to a box of odds and
ends near the back of the driveway, and
he nodded and then walked over slowly.
By noon, it was just a trickle of people
wandering in and out. I was very tired
and ready to pack it in. And that's when
I noticed the man in the Dodgers cap
again, meaning he'd been hanging around
for almost an hour without buying
anything. He was hanging around the edge
of the driveway, pacing past the tables
like he hadn't already seen everything
three times over. But then he wasn't
looking at the stuff anymore. He seemed
like he was looking at me.
I tried to ignore him, announced that I
was about to pack up, and then focused
on the last few shoppers.
A woman asked about a lamp, a teenager
bought a stack of DVDs, but the whole
time I kept an eye on the man in the
Dodgers cap, all while trying my best to
pretend that I wasn't. When the driveway
was finally empty, except for him, I
started packing up. I told him the sale
was over, that I needed to get
everything back inside. It didn't leave.
He just stood there watching me, his
hands shoved into his pockets. I started
to get a little nervous, but told myself
that he was obviously harmless, just a
little odd, and that I was anxious.
I loaded a couple of boxes in the
garage, keeping one eye on him. But when
I turned back, he had moved closer. He
was standing in the middle of the
driveway by that point, looking down at
one of the tables, and he said something
about the tools again, but his tone made
it sound like he wasn't really asking. I
told him that they weren't for sale
anymore, that it was done for the day.
He nodded, but he didn't leave. Instead,
he reached down and picked up a hammer,
turning it over in his hands again. And
in that moment, my throat went dry. I
told him to put it down, to leave, but
he just stared at me, like he was
thinking, making up his mind. I don't
know what set him off, though. Maybe it
was the way that I said it, or maybe he
had been planning this all along. One
second, he was standing there, and the
next he was moving towards me and fast.
I backed up, my feet stumbling over the
edge of the driveway. He raised the
hammer and I turned to run. I barely
made it to the garage before he grabbed
me, his fingers digging into my arm. I
twisted away, yanking free, but then
tripped over a box. I think it was a
books.
It was right behind me, looming over me
as I scrambled backwards, searching for
anything that I could grab. My hand
closed around something solid and heavy.
A wrench from the box that he had looked
through earlier. I swung it without
thinking, the metal connecting with a
very sickening thud. And he stumbled
back, clutching his shoulder, his face
twisted in pain and rage. I didn't wait
to see what he would do next. I
scrambled to my feet and ran, bolting
through the side door into the house. I
slammed it shut behind me, locked it,
and then pressed my back against the
door, listening for any sound outside.
It was quiet for a moment and then I
heard the crunch of footsteps and the
gravel moving away. I crept to the
window, peeking out through the blinds.
It was gone. The driveway was empty, the
yard sale tables scattered with what was
left of my things. I called the police,
my voice shaking as I explained what had
happened, and to my relief, they arrived
quicker than I thought they would. I
showed them where it had happened,
pointed to the hammer that he had
dropped in the wrench still lying on the
garage floor. They took my statement,
asking questions I could barely answer,
and they never found him. The man who
had turned a quiet yard sale into a
nightmare disappeared as quickly as he
had come. And weeks passed, and I kept
expecting him to show up again, to
finish what he had started. And every
time I heard a car pull into the
driveway or a knock at the door, my
heart leapt in my throat. I stopped
holding yard sales and I stopped leaving
the garage door open even for a second.
I watched for strangers more closely, my
mind replaying the way his eyes had
lingered on me, the way his hand had
tightened around that hammer. And I
couldn't shake the feeling that he was
still out there and that one day he
might return.
The police told me to stay vigilant, to
report anything suspicious, but there
was nothing to report. Just an empty
driveway in the memory of the shadow
stretching across the pavement. The
stuff I hadn't sold that day stayed in
the garage, just gathering dust, I
guess. And I couldn't bring myself to
touch it, to move it, or to go near the
spot where it had happened. Now, it
might sound pathetic, but some nights I
dream about him. I see him standing at
the edge of the driveway, his hands in
his pockets, his eyes fixed on me. And
then I wake up. And I wake up drenched
in sweat.
The yard sale was supposed to be a
simple way to clear out the clutter, to
make some extra cash. And instead, it
left me with a story to send to you that
I'll never forget. A scar that's
invisible, but is always there.
I don't know if they'll ever catch him
or if he's still out there looking for
his next target. All I know is that I'll
never feel safe, truly safe, in my own
home again.
[Music]
I still think about Liz sometimes every
day. She loved gardening and her yard
always looked neat and I would wave to
her on Saturday mornings when she was
working on her flowers and she was
always smiling.
This happened on January 25th, 2019 and
that Friday morning was very cold for
Houston. I was making coffee when I
heard four loud pops. I thought it was
fireworks at first, but something felt
wrong. I looked out the window and saw
someone running away from Liz's driveway
and getting into a truck. And then the
truck sped off. I went outside with my
phone, ready to call 911. And Liz was
there lying on the ground near her
driveway, and she wasn't moving.
There was a small table and some boxes
nearby from the garage sale that she was
setting up. Neighbors started coming out
of their homes looking confused and
worried. The paramedics came quickly and
worked on Liz, but it was clear that
things were very bad. Later, I found out
that she had passed away at the
hospital. She was only 29 years old, and
I never thought something so awful could
happen in our neighborhood. The police
said Liz had been shot at close range by
someone who walked up to her. A neighbor
security camera caught part of it and
the video showed a person getting out of
a black Nissan Frontier walking up to
Liz, shooting her and driving away. And
it all happened in seconds.
Liz and her husband Sergio were loved by
everyone. They were high school
sweethearts and had been married for
about 4 years. They loved Star Wars and
Harry Potter and went to conventions
together. And the garage sale Liz was
having that morning was to help pay for
a trip to Universal Studios to celebrate
their fifth anniversary.
And knowing this made her death even
sadder.
After Liz died, the neighborhood changed
drastically.
People were sad and scared, and we kept
wondering who could have done this. Was
it someone she knew? Was it random? The
police talked to neighbors and looked at
security videos, but they didn't find
any answers. They released the video of
the suspect in the truck, hoping someone
would recognize them, and nobody did. I
kept thinking about that morning. Could
I have done something to help? Could I
have seen more? Remembered a license
plate. And that guilt stuck with me. I
would sit and stare at Liz's house,
hoping to see her again, even though I
knew that I wouldn't. The empty driveway
was a painful reminder of what had
happened. And Sergio moved out a few
months later. Totally understandable.
It must have been too hard for him to
stay in the house with all of those
memories. That house was sold and new
people moved in. They're nice, but to
me, it will always be Liz's home. And
years have passed, but the case is still
unsolved. Sometimes the news will run a
story about Liz, hoping to keep her
memory alive. And the reward for
information has grown, but no one has
come forward. And it makes me so angry
to know the person who did this is still
free out there. I joined a local group
that helps with unsolved cases. We hold
events, hand out flyers, and try to keep
cases like Liz's in the public eye. It's
not much, but it feels like I'm doing
something. Liz and her family deserve
justice.
Every year on the anniversary of her
death, I leave yellow roses at her
driveway, as yellow was her favorite
color. Other neighbors do the same, and
it's a quiet way to show that we haven't
forgotten her. Sometimes at night, I
look out my window and wonder if the
answer is closer than we think. Did
someone see something that they're too
scared to tell? Could the killer be
nearby? Not knowing has become very
hard. Liz's death taught me that life is
fragile, that bad things don't always
make sense. But it also showed me how
people can come together during very
tough times. Our neighborhood has
changed and we're more careful to look
out for each other even more now. We
value small moments like that. I miss
Liz. I miss her smile and kindness and I
carry her memory with me and will keep
trying to get justice for her. Someone
has to. She deserves it.
[Music]
There was a woman in my neighborhood
running a yard sale and she was selling
some old furniture, clothes, and
knick-knacks. A few neighbors had
stopped by to look around. Our small dog
was tied up to a post nearby. That small
dog was barking every so often. And down
the street, there was a larger dog that
lived with his owner, and he was a big
dog, a mix of some kind, and his owner
usually kept him in the backyard or on a
leash when they went for walks. But this
morning, something went wrong. The gate
to the big dog owner's backyard had been
left open, and that big dog saw his
chance and ran out into the street. At
first, that big dog was just exploring.
He sniffed around and ran back and
forth, and then he noticed the people
and the tables up ahead. His tail wagged
as he ran toward the closest yard sale.
But as he got closer, his energy
shifted, and his bark grew louder and
more aggressive. His eyes locked on the
crowd, and he charged forward. People
saw the big dog coming and started to
back away. And a little boy dropped the
toy that he was holding and screamed as
he ran to his mom. But the big dog
didn't stop. He jumped onto a table,
knocking over a stack of books and
smashing a bunch of glass. The lady
looked up and shouted, "Get away!" But
that dog didn't listen. He grabbed a
stuffed animal from the table and
started tearing it apart. Then the big
dog turned his attention to the little
dog and the little dog was barking. The
big dog barked back and then it
attacked. The lady screamed and grabbed
the little dog just in time, and the big
one circled her. She began yelling for
help, and the crowd began to scatter. A
man who had been browsing a table nearby
tried to intervene, yelling and stepping
in front of the lady and her dog, and
that big dog then attacked the man. The
dog sunk his teeth into the man's leg.
He yells out in pain and tried to push
the dog away, but the dog wouldn't let
go. The man fell to the ground trying to
kick the big dog, but the dog's strength
was too much. People were screaming. One
man threw a folding chair at that dog
and did nothing. The dog let go of the
man's leg and jumped on his chest. The
man used his arms to shield his face,
and the dog scratched him as he yelled
for help. That dog's owner came running
down the street, shouting at the dog to
stop, and it did, and its owner then
clicked the leash onto its collar.
That bigger dog's owner said that he was
sorry. Someone at that point had already
called the cops, and someone else began
to yell at that dog owner. Paramedics
arrived and began treating the man's
injuries before loading him into an
ambulance, and neighbors stood around
talking to one another. The dog's owner
apologized again.
The yard was a mess with broken glass
and scattered items everywhere. Some
people helped the lady clean up and and
the street was quiet again.
All I know as a bystander who just sat
and watched everything unfold is that
myself nor anyone in the neighborhood
will ever forget that day.
[Music]
In 2018, the quiet neighborhoods of Fort
Worth, Texas became the hunting grounds
for a predator. What should have been
ordinary friendly interactions during
community garage sales turned into a
nightmare as a series of crimes struck
fear into unsuspecting homeowners.
The media soon dubbed the criminal the
Texas garage sale stalker, a name that
sends shivers down the spines of those
hosting and attending these everyday
events. Garage sales are a cherished
tradition in many American
neighborhoods, and Fort Worth was no
exception. Families use these sales to
declutter their homes and make extra
cash while fostering a sense of
community. It was a safe, casual
environment where strangers could peruse
items and neighbors could connect over
shared stories. But in 2018, these
gatherings became a fertile ground for a
monster. Someone who saw the sales not
as an opportunity to bargain, but as a
chance to prey on the vulnerable. The
terror began in March when a woman
hosting a garage sale noticed a man
lingering longer than most customers. He
asked innocuous questions about a piece
of furniture, but seemed more interested
in observing her movements in the layout
of her home. Later that evening, as she
was packing up unsold items, the man
returned. Only this time, he was armed.
He demanded cash and valuables, forcing
his way into her home. Though she
survived the encounter physically
unharmed, she was deeply shaken. The man
escaped before police arrived, who
chocked it up to a one-off robbery.
However, within weeks, similar incidents
began cropping up in nearby
neighborhoods. By late spring, a clear
pattern had emerged. The attacker
targeted women hosting garage sales
alone or with minimal help. He struck
near the end of the sales when most
items were packed away and neighbors had
dispersed. Victims described him as a
middle-aged man with an average build,
wearing unremarkable clothing, a face
that would easily blend into a crowd.
The attacker used different methods to
enter homes. Sometimes he pretended to
inquire about items. Other times he
forced his way inside. Once in, he
demanded money and occasionally ransack
the home for valuables. Though the
robberies didn't always involve physical
violence, the psychological toll was
immense. Victims were left traumatized,
fearing for their safety and the
sanctity of their homes. The media
caught wind of the crimes by early
summer. Headlines warned homeowners to
stay vigilant during garage sales and
community forums were flooded with
accounts of strange encounters.
Residents shared tips on staying safe,
such as doing garage sales in pairs or
groups and not allowing customers inside
their homes for any reason. Despite
these precautions, the attacker
continued to strike. Police advised the
public to report suspicious behavior,
but identifying the stalker proved
difficult. He avoided security cameras
and chose neighborhoods with limited
surveillance. His non-escript appearance
and tendency to leave quickly made it
hard for witnesses to provide detailed
descriptions.
In July, one victim's quick thinking
nearly led to the attacker's capture. A
woman hosting a garage sale noticed a
man fitting the stalker's description
loitering near her driveway. She became
suspicious when he lingered without
showing much interest in her items. She
discreetly alerted a neighbor who began
taking photos of the man from across the
street. Sensing he had been spotted, the
man left abruptly, abandoning any plans
he might have had to strike. The
neighbors shared the photos with police,
but they were grainy and insufficient
for identification. And still, the
encounter marked a very strong turning
point. The community became determined
to stop the stalker, and the stalker's
reign of terror came to a head in late
August. A woman hosting a garage sale on
the outskirts of Fort Worth was attacked
after her event ended. This time the
encounter escalated to violence. The
attacker struck her with the butt of his
gun, leaving her unconscious before
fleeing with cash and jewelry. She was
found by a neighbor who had heard the
commotion and called 911. The brutality
of this attack intensified the urgency
of the investigation. Police increased
patrols in neighborhoods where garage
sales were common and set up decoy sales
in an attempt to lure the stalker. The
community's vigilance also grew with
many cancelling their sales altogether
or moving them to safer centralized
locations. The breakthrough came in
September when the stalker grew
careless. He attempted to rob a garage
sale in a neighborhood that had formed a
community watch group. Unbeknownst to
him, several members were observing the
sale from nearby cars, ready to
intervene if anything seemed a miss.
When he approached the homeowner
aggressively, the group sprang into
action, blocking his escape route and
calling the police. The man tried to
flee on foot, but was quickly
apprehended. He was identified as Mark
Eldridge, a 43-year-old drifter with a
history of petty theft and burglary.
Eldridge had no fixed address, which
explained his ability to move undetected
between neighborhoods. Police found
stolen items in his vehicle, linking him
to several of the robberies. Eldridge's
arrest brought a sense of relief to Fort
Worth, but the scars he left behind were
lasting. Many victims struggled with
anxiety and fear, and the community's
sense of safety was deeply shaken.
Garage sales, once a simple and
enjoyable tradition, became a reminder
of vulnerability.
During his trial, Eldridge showed little
remorse. He was convicted on multiple
accounts of robbery, assault, and
burglary, and sentenced to 25 years in
prison. Prosecutors described him as a
predator who exploited trust and
community spirit for his own gain. The
Texas garage sale stalker case
highlighted the dangers of seemingly
innocent events and the importance of
vigilance. Residents of Fort Worth took
the lessons to heart, implementing
safety measures to protect themselves in
the future. These included hosting sales
in groups, using visible security
cameras, and maintaining constant
communication with neighbors. Though the
ordeal was traumatic, it also brought
the community closer together. Neighbors
who had been strangers banded together
to support one another, ensuring that no
one faced the threat alone.
[Music]
The picturesque town of Dyresburg,
Tennessee, nestled along the Mississippi
River, is the kind of place where
neighbors know each other and life is
quiet. But in 2015, the town became the
focus of national attention due to the
mysterious disappearance and subsequent
murder of Karen Swift, a 44year-old
mother of four. What began as a
seemingly ordinary day with a yard sale
ended in tragedy, leaving behind a
puzzle that remains unsolved to this
day. On October 30th, 2015, Karen Swift
spent her Saturday hosting a yard sale
at her home. A devoted mother, she was
known for her vivaceious personality and
active involvement in the community.
The yards drew numerous visitors
throughout the day as Karen cheerfully
interacted with buyers, many of whom
were neighbors and acquaintances. For
Karen, it was an opportunity to
declutter her home and connect with
others in her close-knit community. That
evening, Karen attended a Halloween
party with friends. She returned home
late and spoke briefly with her aranged
husband, David Swift, who still lived in
the family home despite their ongoing
divorce proceedings. According to
reports, the two had a cordial but
strained relationship, sharing the
residence to co-parent their children.
In the early hours of October 31st,
Karen went missing. When Karen's friends
and family realized that she had
vanished, alarm bells went off. Her car,
a white 2004 Nissan Morano, was found
abandoned on a rural road just a few
miles from her home. The vehicle's tires
were flat and her belongings, including
her purse and phone, were left inside.
However, there was no sign of Karen
herself. Dyer County authorities
immediately launched a search. Friends,
family, and volunteers combed through
nearby wooded areas, fields, and
waterways, hoping to find any trace of
Karen. Her disappearance struck fear
into the hearts of the community as
speculation swirled about what might
have happened. Was she abducted by
someone that she met at the yard sale?
Was her a strange husband involved? Or
was it the work of a stranger? The case
took a devastating turn on December
10th, 2015 when Karen's decomposed body
was discovered in the wooded area near a
cemetery less than 3 mi from her home.
Her remains were concealed under
foliage, and the area appeared to have
been deliberately chosen to hide her
body. An autopsy revealed that she had
suffered blunt force trauma to the head.
The discovery confirmed what many had
feared. Karen Swift had been murdered.
However, the identity of her killer
remained a mystery, and the
investigation into her death became more
complex as authorities sifted through a
growing list of suspects. Karen's life
was undergoing significant changes at
the time of her death. She had recently
filed for divorce from David Swift,
citing irreconcilable differences.
Friends described the marriage as
troubled, with Karen seeking a fresh
start. The divorce proceedings, however,
were contentious, and David's behavior
came under scrutiny following Karen's
disappearance. In addition to her
marital struggles, Karen had been
involved in local fitness groups and was
active on social media. Her outgoing
personality and wide circle of
acquaintances led investigators to
explore whether someone she knew could
have harbored ill intentions.
One of the more intriguing aspects of
the case was the yard sale Karen hosted
on the day before her disappearance. A
yard sale is a public event attracting
strangers to a private residence.
Investigators considered the possibility
that Karen's killer might have been
someone who attended the sale and used
it as an opportunity to target her.
However, no concrete evidence linked any
of the yard sale attendees to the
murder. As the investigation progressed,
David Swift became a person of interest.
Though he publicly denied any
involvement, his strain relationship
with Karen and his presence at the
family home on the night of her
disappearance drew suspicion. Friends of
Karen claimed that she expressed fear of
David in the weeks leading up to her
death, and there were rumors of past
domestic disputes. And despite these
allegations, authorities did not charge
David Swift with any crime. He
cooperated with the investigation and
maintained his innocence, but the cloud
of suspicion continued to hang over him.
Other theories emerged as well. Some
speculated that Karen's killer could
have been a stranger who abducted her
after her car broke down. Others
suggested that she might have been the
victim of someone she had met through
her social circles or online activity.
However, none of those theories produced
definitive leads. As months turned into
years, the investigation into Karen
Swift's murder stalled. Despite the
efforts of law enforcement and private
investigators, no arrests were made and
no new evidence came to light. The lack
of witnesses and forensic evidence left
the case at a standstill, frustrating
Karen's family and friends. The
community of Dyresburg remained haunted
by Karen's death. Her children, left
without their mother, faced the
difficult task of moving forward while
grappling with unanswered questions
surrounding her murder. Karen's friends
continued to advocate for justice,
organizing memorials and raising
awareness about her case in the hopes of
keeping it in the public eye. Several
key questions remain unanswered. Who
killed Karen Swift? Was it someone she
knew or a random attacker? Investigators
have never publicly identified a suspect
or motive. The flat tires on Karen's
vehicle suggest that she may have been
forced to stop, but it's unclear whether
this was staged or coincidental.
While there is no evidence tying the
yard sale to her murder, the timing
raises questions about whether someone
who attended the sale might have
returned later. And despite extensive
efforts by law enforcement, the case
remains unsolved, leading to frustration
and speculation about investigative
missteps or lack of resources.
Karen Swift's murder remains one of the
most perplexing and tragic cases in
Tennessee's recent history. Her family
continues to seek answers, holding out
hope that new evidence will emerge or
that someone with knowledge of the crime
will come forward. In the meantime, her
case serves as a chilling reminder of
how quickly life can change and the
enduring pain of unanswered questions.
For the residents of Dyresburg, the loss
of Karen Swift is a scar that is yet to
heal. Her vibrant spirit and love for
her children are remembered even as the
search for her killer continues.
[Music]
It was a cold weekend morning when I was
walking through the neighborhood with a
cup of coffee in my hand and I noticed a
yard sale at this old house. It wasn't
much, just a folding table and a few
blankets spread out on the grass, but
something about it caught my attention.
Maybe it was the idea that someone's old
stuff might actually hold a hidden gem.
An elderly man sat behind the table, and
he looked tired, but still had a smile
on his face. He asked if I was looking
for anything in particular, and I shook
my head and said no. Just sort of
scanning through the items. There were
old books, porcelain figurines, some
vintage lamps, and a box of very
tarnished silverware. I picked up an old
hard coverver book with a faded green
cover. As I flipped through its pages,
the man spoke again, and he said the
book had stories in it, some of them
supposedly true. He added that he never
could finish it himself because it was
actually too spooky. And I just sort of
laughed and was about to ask how much he
wanted for it when I heard a truck pull
up. A black pickup truck stopped and
four teenagers climbed out. One of them
sort of sneered, kicking a garden gnome
that was sitting by the sidewalk, and
the gnome fell over and actually broke
into pieces. At that moment, the elderly
man's smile faded. He asked those
teenagers to move along if they weren't
interested in buying anything. One
skinny kid with dark hair and a cruel
grin picked up one of the porcelain
figures, asked how much it was, and the
man told him something like 5 to 10
bucks. The teenager just laughed and
threw the figurine to the ground,
shattering it into pieces.
The man asked him not to do that, and he
explained that the figurine belonged to
his late wife and asked them to have
some respect. The skinny kid just
grinned again. He shoved the old man's
chest, making him stumble back. I wanted
to say something, but it was all just
like too surreal, you know, and I
genuinely was too scared. I'm
embarrassed to say. The old man tried to
stand his ground. He said he'd called
the police and pulled out his phone.
That skinny kid grabbed the phone and
threw it into the street. And then
before anyone could react, he punched
the old man who then fell to the ground.
That gang of teens started kicking and
hitting him. And the rest of us just
stood there frozen. And all I could do
was hold on to that book and watch.
Finally, after what felt like a very
long time, I heard a siren in the
distance. Someone must have called the
cops and those teenagers took off in
their truck. The old man lay on the
ground. He was bleeding and a few people
slowly went over to help him up. I just
stayed where I was, feeling very
ashamed. And when the police arrived,
they took statements. I handed the book
back to the old man who was sitting on
the porch with an ice pack on his
swollen face, and he told me just to
keep it. That night, I dreamed of that
yard sale. This time the teenagers
weren't just breaking things, they were
breaking me. And the old man just stood
there smiling, letting it all play out.
[Music]
I had decided to go to some yard sales
in the neighborhood and I wasn't looking
for anything specific, just seeing if
there was anything interesting. After
visiting a few, I was about to go home
when I saw an old metal box under a
table at one of the sales. I asked the
lady in charge of the sale how much she
wanted for the box, and she said the box
belonged to her uncle, and she had no
idea what was inside.
Then after thinking for a moment, she
said that she wanted $5 for it. I gave
her the money and carried the box to my
car. As I held it, I thought that I felt
a slight vibration or sort of hum, but I
wasn't sure. I figured it was just my
imagination and then drove home, eager
to see what was inside.
When I opened the box in my kitchen, I
saw a small metal ball. It was warm when
I touched it. The air felt heavy around
it, too. And it had a symbol on it that
I didn't recognize. Below the ball were
some old papers. They were yellowed and
had strange equations and diagrams on
them. Since I didn't understand any of
them, I thought that it might be a good
idea to ask someone online about it. I
took a picture of the glowing ball and
posted it on a forum asking if anyone
knew what it was. And I got a lot of
replies. Most people joked about it
being from Aliens or a movie prop. But
one comment stood out to me. Said, "Get
rid of it. It's radioactive."
I felt my stomach drop. I moved away
from the box, feeling nervous, and I
didn't know what to do next. Should I
call someone? But who? Then I got a
private message in my inbox. It was from
someone who said that they worked in
nuclear safety. And the message said,
"Don't touch it anymore. Move it to a
safe place and let me help you." and I
followed their instructions to the
letter. I took the box to my garage and
put it inside a plastic container and I
stayed as far away from it as I could
while moving it. The person messaged me
again asking for more details and they
wanted to know the size of the ball, its
color, and about the papers, and they
explained that warm metal objects can
sometimes be radioactive, especially if
they're old lab samples or industrial
materials. And the person then told me
to call the authorities. I was scared
but knew that they were right and I
called the police. They transferred me
to a state agency that handles dangerous
materials. And about an hour later, a
team arrived at my house wearing
protective suits and carrying special
equipment. The team scanned the ball
with a device that made clicking noises,
and the clicks got faster the closer
they got to the ball. They told me it
was radioactive. One of them said that I
was lucky that I hadn't kept it in the
house for long because it could have
possibly made me very sick and they
carefully packed the ball and the papers
into a special container that was lined
with lead and then took it away.
Later, I found out the police questioned
the woman who sold me the box. She said
that she had no idea her uncle had
anything dangerous. She explained that
he had been a chemist many years ago.
The radioactive ball was probably
something that he had worked on and
forgotten about. And the authorities
told me that they would investigate
further, but I never heard anything else
about it. Now, for weeks after this
happened, I couldn't stop thinking about
it. That glowing ball could have caused
serious harm, and at first it seemed
like a fun mystery, but it turned out to
be very dangerous. I thought about how
close I had come to putting myself and
others at risk just because I was
curious. And I haven't gone to any yard
sales since that day. The whole
experience has made me very nervous
about bringing unknown things into my
home. And now whenever I see an
interesting object for sale, I think
twice
[Music]
In early 2013, I was working for a large
market research company here in New York
City. I'd been there 6 years. I was very
happy and my career prospects were
bright. And then one day, everything
changed.
It was a Wednesday morning, and after
waking up at 6:15, I completed my
morning routine and then walked down to
the parking lot of my building.
Mine was one of maybe 12 to 14 in the
lot. And then as I'm walking toward it,
I saw a lone figure leaning up against
the wall near the hood of my car. It
seemed to be a young man, early to late
20s, wearing a ball cap and hoodie. And
as I walked to my car, the guy just kind
of stared at me.
I held his gaze, pretty cautious, but
not confrontational. And then as I got
to my car, I asked if I could help him.
Again, I wasn't overly confrontational
about it, but he was standing by my car
and quite obviously staring at me. So, I
figured I better work out what his deal
was before I unlocked the door. I asked
him, "Can I help you?" And then, without
skipping a beat, he replied, "Can't
nobody help you, homie?"
I figured he was just trying to be a
smartass, so I decided not to engage him
any further. Just got into my car and
then started backing up out of my
parking space.
But then as I did and the whole time
hoodie guy is just sort of staring at
me, grinning from ear to ear like his
little can't nobody help you homie thing
was the dunk of all dunks.
And on the drive to work I got cut off
or flipped off maybe a dozen times all
in the space of 30 minutes. And then by
the time one of my boss's pain in the
ass midweek meetings were finished, I
had practically forgotten all about that
hoodie guy and his very nonsensical
quip. and I went about my day as usual,
which is actually a pretty busy one,
too. So, it wasn't until late in the
afternoon that the encounter popped into
my head again. Assuming the guy was
there to steal a car or maybe pull a
smash and grab to score some valuables,
somebody in my apartment building was
about to have a really bad day. But
little did I know, even though my car
was safely in the employee parking lot,
it was still me that was about to have
that really bad day.
And so the working day ends. I drive
back home. And as I'm pulling into the
parking lot, I'm not seeing any broken
windows or broken glass in my empty
parking spaces. So I figured that we got
off lucky. But then after I walked
upstairs to the floor my apartment was
on, I turned a corner on my corridor and
I see it. Or more accurately, I smell
it. Someone had pooped all over my door.
Not like a regular poop either. I'm
talking like liquid diarrhea from the
spray pattern. And it looked like it had
hit my door with considerable force.
And I remember just staring at it for a
second in complete disbelief, thinking,
"Please God, no. This can't be freaking
happening right now." And then when the
smell hit my nostrils, I had to cover up
my nose and mouth to keep from gagging,
I walked right back down to my car,
called an emergency cleaning company,
and then called block management to get
me copies of the building's security
camera footage. All our main doorways
and corridors had cameras, which was
half the reason I'd chosen to rent there
in the first place. And so the process
of contacting management and obtaining
copies of that day's footage was a quick
and very easy one.
After getting those emergency cleaners
over and tipping them pretty well for
how short notice the job was, I was able
to get into my apartment probably by
around 9:30,
I made some coffee, sat down on my
laptop, and just started sifting through
the footage that block management had
placed in an online Dropbox for me. Now,
it took me a while to get to the right
section of that footage, but sometime in
the early afternoon, some hooded figure
approached my apartment building's main
entrance. This guy was also wearing a
hoodie and ball cap combo. But unlike
the guy in the parking lot that morning,
this guy was also wearing a hoodie and
ball cap combo. But unlike the guy in
the parking lot that morning, this one
appeared to be wearing a fluorescent
vest while carrying a package.
Now, assuming that he was a delivery
guy, I figured that he was going to walk
to an apartment, deliver the package,
and then turn around and leave. But he
didn't. Instead, he walked up to my
apartment, put the package down, and
then dropped his pants, and as you know,
browned all over my door.
When he finished, he didn't even wipe.
He just pulled his pants back up and
then walked out of the building so
calmly that it was almost like it were
an everyday thing for this guy. And I
could barely believe what I was seeing.
But there it was, clear as day. And
maybe the weirdest thing to me at the
time was it wasn't even the same hoodie
and ball cap guy that I'd seen that
morning. Or at least I was 90% sure that
it wasn't. It was too tall, too broad,
and although I had a massive hunch that
the two people were connected, I had
zero clues as to why they were targeting
me.
I called the cops, but they were no help
whatsoever, and even suggested that I
try and rule out the possibility that it
was a friend of mine pulling some kind
of prank. And after I very politely
explained that I didn't have any friends
that would poop on my door, they said
that they'd be in touch if there were
any developments and kind of laughed.
But it was me who called them back the
very next morning. I woke up at 6:15,
completed my morning routine, then
walked down to the parking lot to find
my car had been near destroyed in the
middle of the night. I called work, told
my boss what had happened, and he very
kindly gave me the day off so I could
talk to the cops and arrange alternative
transportation.
Now, when I called the cops, I spoke to
a different department about my car
getting trashed, but they seemed just as
useless as the first time that I called.
They said that they'd review all the
security camera footage I could provide,
but since all the hooded per's faces
were covered, I knew that there wasn't
much that they'd be able to do with it,
and I only barely found the motivation
to email it over to the address they
provided. And then by early evening, I
was starting to have some very worrying
thoughts.
Since I was obviously being targeted at
home, it seemed foolish to continue
staying in my apartment. And so after my
car got towed away for repair, I found a
decent looking three-star hotel that had
some vacancies nearby and then took a
taxi there to make a booking. I called
my dad from the hotel room just to ask
his advice and whatnot. And he agreed
that it was very concerning that his
group of people seemed to know where I
lived.
It was one thing for some a-hole to
target my car after seeing me drive it,
but it was another for this hooded
pooper to know exactly which door to do
his business on.
There was also a clear pattern of
escalation. So logically speaking, the
next thing that they were going to do
was attempt to attack me in my
apartment, which as it turns out is
exactly what they tried to do. I had no
idea who they were, and technically I
still don't know. But at the time, it
made the whole thing doubly frightening
and confusing for me. Like, how in the
hell had such a conflict suddenly
started over a staring contest and a
brief exchange of words? And who the
hell were the guys targeting me? Were
they a gang or something? Were they
brothers, cousins, maybe even just
friends? And I just so happened to have
messed with the crazy one. And besides
all of that, how far were these guys
willing to take this? Well, apparently
as far as breaking into my apartment and
smashing the entire place to
smithetherreens.
So, remember how I mentioned booking
that hotel room? Well, I decided if I
was going to stay there for a week or
more, then I was going to hit up my
apartment to take care of a few things
and then grab a few home comforts to
take back to my hotel. And after work, I
took a cab back to my apartment, walked
upstairs. Then, what do you know? My
apartment door is hanging off of its
hinges. And one of my neighbors is just
sort of standing there looking like he's
seen a ghost.
When I walk inside, I understand why.
Whoever broke into my apartment had
trashed the entire place. The glass in
my shower was smashed. They destroyed my
bed frame. And then the TV room and
kitchenet were both carpeted with chunks
of glass and porcelain from where they'd
been doing chappie impressions with the
contents of my cabinets. That's a
terrible baseball reference, by the way.
They torn up all the art that had been
on my walls. My TV and laptop had been
obliterated. But by far the worst and
most hurtful thing, they smashed my fish
tank and they killed all my fish. I was
devastated.
Genuinely and souls shatteringly
To f with me and my stuff, whatever,
man.
But to dry drown my fish like that to
hurt innocent little creatures just
living their happy little SeaWorld
lives. It took everything I had not to
just have a total breakdown in front of
my neighbor.
Now cut to about an hour later from
that. I'm back in my hotel room and I'm
faced with two very cold hard facts.
Firstly, I was going to have to call the
cops for the third time in as many days.
And secondly, I had no choice but to
find another place to live.
But still, the thread that ran through
all three days and the thing that had me
practically tearing my own teeth out in
frustration was obviously why. It didn't
make any sense. Not anymore. Some psycho
trashing my car and pooping on my door
cuz we had a minor confrontation. There
was a sort of perverse logic to that,
especially if there was some homeless
guy on drugs. But I was just left there
asking myself, if I was home that night,
would they have killed me? And how had
things managed to escalate to the point
that in just 3 days? All of this from a
minor confrontation.
It was like a nightmare. One I'd have
done anything to wake up from. But it
wasn't over just yet. Not by a long
shot.
First off, when I got the security
camera footage from block management,
who by this point were not happy with
all the trouble I was bringing home, I
saw that it was the usual suspect, so to
speak. Instead of a group of hooded
hoodlams bursting into my apartment,
similar to the group that had trashed my
car, these guys looked different. They
were wearing all black with face masks
and gloves. They look like pros. It was
almost terrifying.
And that's the point that I decided that
I was never going to lay my head there
ever again. And I started looking for
new places to live. But then a few days
later, there was another serious
escalation.
One that made me realize that finding a
new place to live might not solve
anything at all.
Now, I'd taken to riding the metro to
and from Grand Central, but that meant
walking several blocks from the station
to our office building. Now, I actually
didn't mind all that much. It gave me a
chance to get a bite to eat after work,
and the metro seemed considerably more
civilized than the subway. And then,
coupled with the peace of mind it gave
me, knowing that I wasn't headed
anywhere I could be targeted, it made
for quite a nice change of pace. But
then one day, as I'm turning from Park
Avenue onto East 47th, I hear someone
call my name. I was just walking along
eating my little box of halal cart
street meats and fries and I hear
someone yell my name in a way that
suggested that they were glad to see me.
And that's the only reason I turned
around in the first place. If they'd
sounded mad or literally anything but as
happy as they sounded, I'd have kept my
eyes forward and picked up the pace in
the hopes of losing them in the crowd.
But they didn't sound mad. They sounded
almost excited. So, I turned expecting
to see an old friend or old coworker or
something. But instead, I see a total
stranger and the stranger jogs up to me
and just sort of goes boom and punches
me square in the face. I fall backwards.
My street meats go tumbling all over me.
And the stranger goes running off, still
shouting my name, but also adding stuff
like, "You suck, dude. You suck."
Now, it being New York, only three of
the maybe two dozen people who saw me
get decked were like, "Oh, damn. You
okay, buddy?" and walked over to see if
I was okay. And needless to say, I was
not. At that point, I'd had a few days
of nothing happening. I had a ton of
crap to deal with in terms of getting my
car roadworthy again and finding a new
place to live. And I still had the
mystery of the whole thing bearing down
on me. But there was this short period
where I thought that the worst had come
and gone. Something weird and effed up
was going on. But once they figured out
where I lived, finding me was a piece of
cake, I guess. But after the punch, I
realized they, whoever they were, were
somehow able to track me during my
commute. Realizing that I wasn't safe
anywhere, possibly not even in my own
godamned hotel room. This took
everything to a whole another level of
stress and fear for me. And it might
sound pathetic to some, so might as well
say it like it is. But I literally
wanted to run home to my mommy and
daddy. I just didn't know where else to
turn to because the police had only just
started to take things seriously. And by
that point, I was obviously in way over
my head and in serious danger.
But the real dilemma was knowing that if
I did head home to my parents' place, I
might potentially lead my attackers
there and put my parents at risk, too. I
couldn't even tell them how bad it had
gotten by then because I knew they'd
insist on intervening in some way, which
again might put them at risk. I had the
cops and I had my boss because once they
understood how serious the situation
was, my employers were very
understanding and basically put me on
indefinite paid leave until the whole
situation could be rectified. And so
between the cops, my bosses, my
co-workers, my soontobe ex landlords,
and my prospective new landlords, my
phone was very active. I spent long
periods of time returning phone calls
and responding to text messages, and I
became very accustomed to seeing my
screen light up with unknown and
withheld phone numbers.
A few nights later, I was in a different
hotel room when my phone starts buzzing
on the desk with number private written
on the screen. I didn't hesitate for a
second. I swiped the call open, brought
my phone to my ear, and was greeted by
someone very well spoken and confident
who had a very deep voice. When the guy
used my name, I figured it was either a
cop or someone responding to a tenency
application that I'd filled out. Yet,
slowly but surely, I realized that call
was from someone very different. He knew
a lot about me, and he appeared to use
the information to confirm it was
actually me he was talking to. He used
my name, named my employer, he even knew
the address of my old apartment, the one
I was planning on moving out of. I only
answered one or two of his questions
before I politely asked why he was
calling. And that's when he introduced
himself with the name Odin.
Odin, which he made clear was not his
real name, worked for some tech company
out west. And the reason he was calling
was that he had found some of my
personal information on the internet.
And at first it was sort of like, "Okay,
so what?" Because I figured he was
talking about my social media or the
email address and phone number listed on
my employer's website. But that's not
what Odin was referring to. He said my
name, my old address, photos of me, and
even things like my employment history
were all available to read on a website
he called Docsbin.
And that name meant nothing to me at the
time. I wasn't even sure exactly what he
said, but these days I still get a
shudder when I read it or hear it
spoken.
For those that don't know, Doc's bin
was, or is, I heard it was back, but I
can't say for certain, a website that
you can't access via your regular
internet browser. It's located on what
some people call the dark web, but Odin
said it's more like the deep web. And
from what I understand, all you really
need is a special browser and you can
see all the stuff you can't see on
Chrome or Internet Explorer.
Odin said that I could see for myself if
I wanted to follow his instructions on
how to download and install that special
kind of browser. But after I agreed that
it just be faster to send me the
screenshots, he did that. And I saw for
myself what was written on that website.
Someone, I had no idea who at this
stage, had not only listed all my
personal information, they also claimed
that I had several convictions involving
inappropriate activities with children.
The post essentially said that I was
masquerading as my actual self because I
was some diddler trying to relocate and
make a new life for myself after charges
were filed in Ohio and Illinois.
And that's when it all clicked. the
random guy trying to intimidate me,
people pooping on my door, smashing my
car, and punching me in the face. All
related to that initial confrontation.
It's just that initial confrontation
came as a result of this wild online
accusation from what I thought was a
completely anonymous source, but it
wasn't anonymous. Not completely,
anyway.
And not only had Odin used his computer
wizardry to figure out who the post was
from, but he seemed more than happy to
share what he'd learned. And now, from
what I understand, the dark or deep web
is mostly only accessible through
anonymous browsers. And the vast
majority of posts on Docspin were from
anonymous users. But Odin figured he'd
do a little digging to find out who I'd
pissed off so much that they'd want to
ruin my life. He Googles my name, but
nothing really came up. So, he checks
out the charges and finds the whole
Docbin post is just some elaborate lie.
Odin then circles back to trying to
figure out who's mad at me and ends up
searching for people who have recently
separated from the research company I
worked for. He finds one guy who looks
like he knows his way around a tour
browser, a real takes one to no one kind
of deal. He then discovers his kindred
spirit has a blog on the surface web,
something he can peruse at his leisure.
And that's when he realizes that the
writing styles of his posts and the one
on Doc Bin revealing my info are almost
identical.
Odin explained all that for about a
minute or two before I practically
begged him to tell me the name of a
suspect. And then when he told me, it
was like this sort of holy crap moment
where everything suddenly came together
and started making sense. I don't want
to say the guy's name. I'd rather take
the high ground and not dox the docker,
so to speak. But I immediately
recognized it from a review I'd
conducted, which had just so happened to
contribute to this guy's severance from
the company. He was lazy, unckempt,
rarely showed up on time and barely got
his work done. But apparently beneath
the greasy surface, our boy was as
skilled with a computer as he was
vindictive.
And then when he got wind that it was me
that conducted his review, well, my fate
was sealed.
I remember sitting on the hotel bed, my
phone in one hand, head in the other,
massaging my temples between my thumb
and ring finger, trying to stave off the
incoming migraine. I think it was a case
of too much information all at once, as
well as swinging back and forth between
thinking the call was just another prank
and believing Odin was genuine.
But I think by the time he dropped the
name of the guy who got fired, I figured
Odin knew way too much about everything
for it to be a ruse. He was also willing
to share everything except his identity.
So unless it was all some elaborate
scam, he seemed to be genuinely on my
side. But here's the part where the
paranoia returned with a vengeance
because towards the end of the call,
Odin asked for money.
He claimed he'd be able to take down the
post about me. But since it was a time
critical situation in that the longer it
stayed up, the longer I'd be at risk,
he'd need help breaking into the website
so he could get the job done. And that
meant asking some friends if they'd help
him out. And those friends would require
financial compensation for their
efforts. Basically, if I transferred
Odin a few thousand in Bitcoin, he can
make the whole thing go away.
And right away, alarm bells started
going off in my head. I actually asked
him straight up if it was him that had
posted my info as a sort of roundabout
way of blackmailing me into taking it
down. And then he sort of laughed
nervously and then admitted that did
have a certain devious genius to it. But
if all he really wanted was money, there
were a hundred ways he could scam or
extort me, all without having to take
the time to call and explain this whole
terrible situation.
And that's another thing that convinced
me that he was legitimate. I'm well
aware that he might have been playing
the long game and that maybe the
deception was, I don't know, all part of
the game for him. But whoever Odin was,
he made me an offer I couldn't refuse.
an offer that was in such good faith
that he offered to take the post down
prior to asking for payment. He didn't
need to inform me of what he was capable
of doing should I choose not to pay him,
and I had a pretty good idea from
experience, so I did, but not after 10
whole days went by without incident. He
checked in every day, sort of as a
reminder that I owed him, but also just
to make sure nothing else had happened.
He said that there was every chance my
old apartment might be targeted again,
but only by guys who already knew where
I lived and still believed I was some
kind of child predator. But with the
post taken down, there hopefully
wouldn't be anyone else planning on
teaching me a lesson, or however the
guy's post phrased it. But I was
skeptical. I mean, there was still that
voice in the back of my mind saying,
"You just got scammed." But as the days
went by and there were no further
incidents at my old apartment building,
that voice got quieter and quieter
before being silenced completely.
On the 10th day, I converted Odin's
money into Bitcoin and finally sent it
over to his wallet in this very complex
process and he then called me to offer a
brief word of thanks. But the call ended
with me thanking him and pretty
profusely too
as it happened to be. So when we ended
the call, I decided to call him back
just a few minutes later to ask if I
could ever enlist his services again
should I require them. And no sooner had
I hit dial that I heard this doll toned
but but
the number had been disconnected.
A few days went by and the more I
thought about this whole mess, the more
that creeping sense of paranoia started
to return. I became more and more
convinced that Odin had been the one
responsible for the whole ordeal. At
least until I realized that there was a
way I could kind of verify if what he
told me was true or not. I called in a
favor with one of the ladies in HR. Then
one afternoon while I was still staying
in that hotel room, I dialed a number
that I had written on a piece of paper
and hit call. Seconds later, I heard a
voice on the other end of the phone. It
was the guy whose review I'd conducted,
the one who ended up getting fired as a
result, and after putting on the
cheeriest voice possible, I began to
speak. I told him who it was, told him
I'd learned of his severance, and then
told him how sorry I was to hear about
it. He sounded surprised, but not
scared, so I just kind of carried on. I
told him that I'd heard about a
potential opportunity at another company
and asked if he'd like me to keep him
informed of any vacancies.
again. He sounded confused, but he told
me sure and that he'd like that. I ended
the call by saying how good it was to
hear from him again. It was all a lie,
but one I wanted to gauge his reaction
with. I wanted to hear the hatred in his
voice. I wanted anything to confirm that
he'd been motivated to try and ruin my
entire life.
But the thing that got him was this.
Right as I was about to hang up and we
were trapped in that meandering exchange
of, "Thanks for calling and talk to you
soon, maybe." I told him, "I know what
you did."
I believe an innocent person would have
at the very minimum replied with
something sort of like, "Huh?" Did what?
But he didn't say a single godamned
word. And for a brief moment, it sounded
like he was going to say something, like
he was thinking or deciding on some
killer comeback to zing me. But he
didn't. He just hung up. And that was
all I needed. Odin hadn't been lying to
me. Or if he was, he was in cahoots with
the guy who posted that. And then I got
to take my hat off to just a
well-laidout scam.
But something about the way the guy said
nothing. It was almost like he knew he
was being recorded or you can bet your
bottom dollar that I filmed the whole
thing using my laptop camera just on the
off chance that I'd forced an admission.
He knew that he couldn't prove anything.
Not if he kept his mouth shut and didn't
gloat about it. So, in the end, I guess
he got away with it. But I got what I
wanted. What seemed more important than
anything else by that stage was peace of
mind.
I saw the cause and effect clear as day.
And though it made for one hell of a
ride, I could finally make some sense of
what had been happening to me. I don't
live in New York anymore. I don't even
live on the East Coast. And nor do I
still work in market research. And I'm
happy. I'll say that much. But at this
stage, I'm far too jaded to post
anything too revealing in online spaces.
And to anyone who reads this, I implore
you, be very careful regarding what
personal information you allow to be
posted online.
Because there are some deeply disturbed
people out there who will jump at the
chance to use it against you.
[Music]
I first became interested in the dark
web during my second year of university.
I was taking a module on cyber security
when the subject came up during a
seminar and it seemed like this
mysterious almost mythical corner of the
internet that few people truly
understood.
I read articles and watch videos about
it. some sensationalized, others more
technical, and I was fascinated by the
idea of this vast hidden network lying
just beneath the surface.
I won't lie, I was curious regarding the
darker side of things, but it wasn't
where my interests were rooted. I wanted
to understand the technology, the
architecture, as well as what purpose it
might have in the online landscape of
tomorrow.
Accessing it turned out to be easier
than I'd imagined. I downloaded the tour
browser which is designed to anonymize
your online activity by routing traffic
through a series of volunteer operated
servers. And then to be extra cautious,
I used a VPN for another layer of
security.
Navigating the dark web wasn't like
using Google where everything is indexed
and easy to find. Instead, you have to
use directories like the hidden wiki to
locate onion sites. And to learn how to
do that, I joined forums to learn the
ropes from people who had been exploring
the dark web for years. And once I was
ready, I began exploring.
At first, my discoveries were at best
surprisingly harmless and sometimes
wholesome, and at worst only mildly
unsettling.
I found a lot of resources dedicated to
online privacy, such as guides on using
encrypted messaging apps or secure email
platforms, and advice on avoiding
surveillance.
These weren't tools for criminals
either. A big portion of the market
seemed to be people like journalists and
activists in countries with oppressive
governments, which was a very cool
aspect that hadn't even occurred to me
until that point. But then a lot of
users seemed to just be regular people
who appeared to greatly value their
digital privacy. But while some people
simply trying to get ahead in a changing
world of online activity, others
exhibited decidedly unhealthy
tendencies. For example, there was a
small contingent of users who believe
that they were the victims of what's
called gangstalking.
Gangstalking refers to the belief that a
person is being systematically harassed
by a coordinated group. They often
describe constant surveillance,
sabotage, social isolation, and public
intimidation orchestrated by strangers,
acquaintances, or even authorities like
the federal government.
It's true that a handful of isolated
cases of organized harassment have been
recorded. But what's important to keep
in mind is that most reports of
gangstalking lack any kind of evidence
whatsoever and can often be caused by
things like paranoia, anxiety, and other
serious psychiatric conditions.
The level of paranoia sufferers
experience causes them to misinterpret
ordinary events as deliberate threats,
which can sometimes have devastating
results for their friends and families.
And some of what I saw unfolding on the
gangstalking forum was as disheartening
as it was disturbing. People's entire
lives had fallen to pieces. But instead
of accepting help from family or
friends, they turned inward, formed
secretive online communities, and
actively encouraged each other's
delusions. And sometimes it appeared to
have deadly consequences.
For me, exploring the dark web started
as an academic curiosity, but quickly
became something deeper. It made me
think more critically about privacy,
surveillance, and how technology shapes
our freedoms. The dark web didn't seem
inherently good or bad. It was just a
tool, and what seemed to matter most was
the intent of those who used it. But as
I spent more time exploring, I
inevitably began to come across things
that hinted at its darker side. It was
gradual, almost like peeling back layers
of something you're not entirely sure
you want to see. There were mentions of
marketplaces where illegal goods were
traded, forums where people discussed
activities that were clearly unethical
or overtly criminal. And these weren't
things that I actively sought out. They
were just there, scattered amidst the
harmless content. But it was the rumors
of so-called red rooms that marked my
first tentative steps into the deep
web's darkest recesses.
These were said to be live streamed
events where unspeakable acts were
performed on camera for an audience
willing to pay in cryptocurrency.
Some claimed that they were the stuff of
urban legend, exaggerated or entirely
fabricated to add to the dark web's
infamy. Others spoke about them with
eerie detail, describing how you'd need
to find hidden links and pay a steep
price for access.
Even though I hadn't yet seen anything
that confirmed their existence, the very
idea was chilling. But what really
struck me about the darker corners of
the deep web were how casually some
people discussed such topics. In certain
forums, people discussed things that
were morally repugnant, as if they were
just innocent curiosities. It felt like
stepping into a world where societal
norms had been stripped away and
anonymity had created a space where
anything, no matter how horrifying,
could flourish.
Despite the darkness, I kept reminding
myself why I was there in the first
place. To understand, not to engage. I
was careful to avoid clicking on
anything suspicious or venturing too far
into places I didn't belong. Still, it
was impossible not to feel the weight of
what the dark web could be. For every
encrypted email service or activist
forum, there seemed to be an equally
sinister counterpart lurking in the
shadows. The rumors of so-called red
rooms lingered in the back of my mind as
I continued exploring.
They were whispered about in forums and
chat rooms, yet always elusive and
always unconfirmed.
And at first, I too dismissed them as
nothing but digital urban legends,
nothing but the product of overactive
imaginations.
But the more I read, the more I started
to realize they weren't entirely the
stuff of myth. It felt like an
unsettling puzzle, one I wasn't sure I
wanted to solve, but I couldn't resist
trying to uncover the truth. My search
began with forums where users claimed to
have insider knowledge. The posts were
cryptic, filled with vague hints and
coded language. Some people described
red rooms as paytoview live stream
services where horrific acts were
performed on camera, often at the
request of an audience. Others dismissed
the idea as impossible, pointing out the
technical difficulties of streaming live
video anonymously through tour. However,
there were enough detailed accounts to
keep me intrigued, enough to make me
wonder if some twisted corner of the
internet had found a way to make it
real. I followed the leads cautiously,
moving through layers of forums, chat
rooms, and directories. But the deeper I
went, the more the atmosphere seemed to
change. Places felt heavier, darker
even, and I came across sites with names
that felt like warnings, their plain
black and white pages filled with
ominous links. Some required passwords
or cryptocurrency to proceed, and I
hesitated. I didn't want to cross a line
that I couldn't uncross. But part of me
was driven by a need to know. Were these
simply dead ends or were they actually
the real McCoy? And the most unnerving
moments came when I found threads where
people claimed to have attended those
supposed events. They spoke about
encrypted invitations, exorbitant
Bitcoin payments, and fleeting access to
streams hosted on obscure servers. It
was all so surreal, yet the way they
described it felt disturbingly
plausible. I never found anything
definitive. No actual links, no concrete
evidence, but the process alone was
chilling. The deeper I dug, the more I
realized that even the search itself
carried risks, not just of stumbling
upon something horrific, but of crossing
a boundary that I wasn't willing to
cross. Whether or not red rooms actually
exist almost seemed irrelevant toward
the end because the pursuit alone had
revealed an incredibly unsettling truth
about what people are capable of
imagining. I logged off, shaken by the
experience, but also strangely relieved
that I hadn't found what I was looking
for. The rumors remain just that,
rumors. But the darkness I glimpsed
along the way felt all too real. And in
the end, it was that feeling of being so
close to finding something that dragged
me back down that rabbit hole. I still
remember the moment I found it. It was
the culmination of weeks of following
cryptic threads, chasing rumors, and
piecing together fragments of a puzzle
that I wasn't even sure I wanted to
solve. It came unexpectedly. After hours
of trolling through hidden forums and
dead links, a new thread had appeared in
one of the darker corners of a forum
posted by someone who claimed to have
access to a real red room. And the post
was sparse, just a brief description, a
heavily encrypted link, and a demand for
payment in Bitcoin.
I hesitated. Every instinct screamed at
me to stop, to close the browser, and
walk away, but I couldn't. The curiosity
that had driven me this far, refused to
let me quit. I transferred the required
Bitcoin, an amount that made my chest
tighten as I watched it leave my wallet
and follow the instructions.
The link took me to a blank page with a
countdown timer. It felt surreal, like
stepping into the setup of some Macob
horror film. I waited, my heart rate
beginning to quicken as I questioned
every decision which led me to that
moment. When the countdown hit zero, the
screen flickered and a grainy video feed
appeared. The room was very stark and
clinical, lit by harsh fluorescent
lights that cast sharp shadows on the
walls. A man in a lab coat stood in the
center, surrounded by equipment that
looked cobbled together, medical
monitors, steel tables, and tools whose
purposes I didn't want to imagine.
The camera panned slowly, revealing a
figure strapped to one of the tables.
They were conscious, but their face was
contorted with fear, and their muffled
cries were audible, even through their
gag and the poor audio quality.
The chat panel beside the video feed
erupted with activity. Anonymous viewers
type messages, some urging the host to
proceed, others asking for specific acts
or experiments. It was horrifying. Not
just because of what I was seeing, but
because of the casualness of the
audience. They treated it like a
spectacle, something to be ordered and
consumed, as if the person on the table
wasn't even a human being to begin with.
I don't know if they believed it was
fake or something, and that's why they
were able to talk that way, but to me,
it looked very real. The experiments
began, and I could barely stomach it.
The host used injections, electrical
currents, and other devices that seemed
designed to test pain thresholds or
biological responses.
The victim writhed and screamed, their
agony evident through the screen, and
the audience cheered, their requests
growing more depraved with every passing
moment. It was unlike anything I'd ever
imagined. Pure unfiltered cruelty
masquerading as scientific inquiry.
I don't know how long I watched before I
forced myself to close the browser and
slam closed my laptop. I sat there in
silence, feeling sick. My hands
trembled, and I felt an overwhelming
sense of guilt for even having gone that
far. The reality of what I'd seen was
far worse than any rumor or legend. It
wasn't just a myth. This was real, and
it was happening somewhere, hidden in
the depths of this shadowy network.
That night, I deleted everything. The
tour browser, my Bitcoin wallet, the
logs I kept of my search. I wanted no
trace of what I'd done, no connection to
the sickening, skin crawling world that
I had taken a glimpse into. But those
images stayed with me. They're things
I'll never fully forget as long as I
live. And I suppose that's something
that I have to deal with alone.
[Music]
The dark web is a grim place, a pit
where humanity's worst instincts thrive.
And it's where I work. I'm what's known
as a white hat. a kind of good guy
hacker paid to tear down vile markets,
map the trails that lead to the monsters
hiding in the shadows, and shine a sort
of light into that darkness.
Most days I sit in front of my screens,
the glow of my monitors, the only light
in my small, cluttered apartment as my
fingers fly over the keyboard, piercing
layers of encrypted filth and exposing
secrets no one else dares to look for.
It's my job, and it's not for the faint
of heart. But I'm goddamn good at it.
I've seen horrors beyond imagination,
things no one should ever witness. But
the case that haunts me started on a day
like any other.
A routine sweep led to a marketplace
buried deep in the web's underbelly. It
advertised human lives as commodities,
young and old, with glossy images and
cold descriptions. I'd seen it before,
but this one had a different aura.
polished, professional, and insidiously
quiet. A digital fortress, almost daring
anyone to try to break in. I remember
digging into its code and unraveling the
layers of security, sort of like peeling
an onion. It was very slow and grueling
and frustrating work, and the site had a
grotesque elegance to it. Its defenses
crafted by someone who knew what they
were doing, but no system is
impenetrable. And by the end of the
third day I was in the database was
rather vast with entries detailing
victims names, ages, photos, and
chillingly precise descriptions of their
usefulness.
Each profile was a silent scream, a plea
buried in ones and zeros. And I started
extracting the data, piecing together
patterns and names and connections. And
as always, I logged everything
meticulously, building a dossier that
might help the authorities when I was
done dismantling the site. Then I found
her, a girl from the Philippines, and
she couldn't have been more than 12. Her
photo showed a child with wide,
frightened eyes and a forced smile. Her
profile was detailed in a way that made
my stomach churned. And something about
her entry stood out, though. an odd note
in the metadata, a small breadcrumb
someone had left behind. It was a
payment log, and it didn't lead to a
buyer. It led back to her family.
I ran her name through every database I
had access to, cross-referencing missing
person's reports, social media posts,
and news articles, and the trail was
faint, but it was there. She disappeared
months ago, her last known sighting in a
small village. The local news barely
mentioned it and her parents never
reported her missing. Instead, their
lives had taken a very curious turn. I
found pictures of them on Facebook
standing in front of a newly built
house. Posts bragging about a blessing
that had come their way. Expensive
clothes, lavish parties, smiles
plastered across their faces. It just
didn't add up. Where does a poor family
suddenly get that kind of money? The
pieces clicked together. A grotesque
puzzle I wish that I hadn't solved. They
sold her. Their own flesh and blood
handed over to monsters for a better
life.
I stared at the screen. Bile rising up
in my throat, ready to vomit. And it
wasn't just the marketplace. It was the
betrayal, the abandonment, the cold
calculations that turned a child into
currency. I've always kept my work
professional, very detached. But this
time, I couldn't stop thinking about
her. She wasn't just a name in a
database anymore. She was a girl who had
been discarded like trash. Her life
ripped apart by the people who were
supposed to love her most.
I dug deeper into her family. Bank
records, private messages, anything I
could find. Every transaction told a
story, and the trail was very damning.
The deposit that coincided with her
disappearance, the gradual splurge on
luxuries, they weren't just complicit.
They were thriving off her suffering.
The more I uncovered, the more I felt
anger creeping in. My work had always
been about dismantling systems, not
judging individuals, but this felt very
personal. Her image haunted me. That
forced smile and the terror in her eyes,
I just couldn't shake it no matter how
hard I tried.
I've been compiling evidence for weeks,
building a case that would hold up under
scrutiny, and the authorities would take
it from there, and that's how it always
worked. But with each passing day, the
thought of her family living in comfort
while she suffered nod at me. They'd
bought their happiness with her life. It
was just monstrous.
One night, as I sifted through the last
of the data, I made a decision. I
wouldn't just hand over the evidence and
walk away. I would make them feel the
weight of what they'd done. They
couldn't be allowed to forget her, to
erase her like she was nothing. I
crafted an email, anonymous and
untraceable, attaching photos of their
daughter from the marketplace, blurred
enough to protect her dignity, but
unmistakable.
I sent it to them with no words, just
images. I wanted them to see her, to
remember what they'd done.
I'll never know if they opened it, but I
imagined the guilt festering inside them
like a rot. It wasn't justice, but it
was something.
The marketplace was gone within days,
wiped clean from the dark web. My work
there was done, and the authorities had
the evidence they needed to start
tracking that network. But her face has
stayed with me, a ghost that I couldn't
exercise.
I like to think that she's still alive
somewhere. that the system I helped
dismantle gave her a chance at freedom.
But I know better. The dark web doesn't
just let go of its victims easily.
Still, I keep working, tearing down one
monster at a time. Because if I don't,
who will
[Music]
Hey friends, thanks for listening. Click
that notification bell to be alerted of
all future narrations. I release new
videos every Monday and Thursday at 9:00
p.m. Eastern time. And there are super
fun live streams every Sunday and
Wednesday nights. If you got a story, be
sure to submit them over at my email,
let's read submissions@gmail.com,
and maybe even hear your story featured
on the next video. And if you want to
support me even more, grab early access
to all future narrations and bonus
content over on Patreon, or click that
big join button to hear about the extra
perks offered for members of the
channel. And check out the Let's Read
podcast where you can hear all of these
stories and big compilations located
anywhere you listen to podcasts. All
links in the description below. Thanks
so much, friends, and I'll see you again
soon.